**Fun Image**  
The project works with images, implement operations like blur, sharpening, changing the color to greyscale or sepia tone on them.   
In the third version, new the project has interactive views (graphical user interface) and users can also use batch scripting and there are different controllers for different views.   
The GUI allows a user to interactively load, process and save images. The project can generate images with horizontal and vertical rainbow stripes, a checkerboard pattern and the flags of France, Greece and Switzerland of a user-specified size. Those generated graphs can also be processed by the program, i.e. they can be blurred, sharpened, grey-scaled, sepia-toned, dithered and mosaic-ed. Operations like dithering image or mosaic are available in the second version.   
This is the third version of the project and contains model, controller and view of this image processing application.    

Usage:  
In the second version, user can provide an input file with commands. The program would then read the script one line at a time, process it and create several files or pictures as requested by the user. Here the graphical user interface are built by Java Swing.   
The user can see the image that is being processed on the screen. When the image is bigger than the area allocated to it in the graphical user interface, the user can scroll the image. Moreover, when the frame is resized, the inner image will also become larger or smaller according to the outer frame.   
On the user interface, there are all the required features of the program like blur, sharpen, sepia, greyscale, mosaics, dithering, image generation (only the required parts) and the ability to load and save images.   
The user can specify suitably the image to be loaded and saved that the user is going to process easily without coding the file path or read source code or any documentations. When the user specifies an operation, its result will be instantly visible to the user.   
The user interface exposes all its features through menus. The GUI is user-friendly, a user unfamiliar with our code and technical documentation can operate the program correctly without reading your code and technical documentation.   
This program also supports batch scripting. Here are two commands we support: 1. java -jar Program.jar -script path-of-script-file: when invoked in this manner the program should open the script file, execute it and then shut down. 2. java -jar Program.jar -interactive: when invoked in this manner the program should open the graphical user interface.  
Any other command-line arguments are invalid: in these cases the program will only display an error message and quit.  
~~To load new message and write the image with a certain format in certain file, the config.properties file should be properly modified and the modification method should be specified in ImageProcessingApplication (main method). The main method will load, modify and save the images.~~  


Changes:  
We removed the IO operations from the model part because it's considered inappropriate MVC practice and controller can do the IO stuff here. This includes AbstractImageGenerator and AbstractImageProcessor.  
We also removed the constructors without argument in following files since it is useless: AbstractImageProcessorWithColorTransformer, AbstractImageProcessorWithFilter, BlurFilterProcessing, GreyscaleTransformerProcessing, SepiaToneTransformerProcessing, SharpenFilterProcessing and AbstractImageProcessor.

Citation:  
All pictures in this assignment used are photographs taken by Zhixuan Zhou, or results generated by a program written by Chang Liu. Chang Liu and Zhixuan Zhou retains the ownership of these photographs and authorize their use in this and future project.